and 28 January this year 2013 to propose a special evening on
if only because these three gentlemen table are Johan Derksen
I was present with two offenses
but yes I see you there you already spring on your roof and I assume
I'm the convinced republican
here too goes as we do but I am also a democrat so it explains
effortlessly down to the opinion of most of the Dutch
population that
seeing the queen as a kind of holy maria, I have nothing to do with that
if the crowd wants it then i lay down but i will make myself a sausage
his or Mr. prix or willem alexander or whoever cut those ribbons
yes you don't have any and i have it all the time
what is your your fia thursday is somewhat overshadowed by this news
so you are also a year old man that year
we even had a somewhat annoying year that that lady all attention
beaten
but deeds
no, I have never been busy making an outfit
to put the orange cake effie on a rope to make it a bit of a cart on the table
put what you want but in the orange this orange cake
I have the game no but well that could be the game of that week
accurate and sure
That's his remarkable action on a site where the Beatrix Queen delivered a speech
that the peace to coach louis of gaal christians in town have well me
surely think that the queen's decisions in consultation with not yet
taken in the program that i can assume belga dea jaja learn it is
you did something
the neighborhood according to photo shoot says no I am very sad I am not that devastated
the royal family I also not very much but only once
if i like all those people on queensday with young orange you have to
not neat I think it is great fun for but you are up one more time
the four-year commitment to this disease week in week from big pants
chelsea
and she did it according to brains
60 or 65
proposed a second group
after being from
find the de lutte
haha
I never say was challenged in the neighborhood
No
I know you who he is and you like that well I say
the riverboat individualist for that profession and rightly so because this is possible
don't count
but it was the
it's not so much 23 but those other 2 the maximums and ladies to a man who are those
are limited
of these are impressive solo three gold two meters going up to the maximums
Going from that mannschaft was in 25 years that he after ten years against ten men
man
okay that the queen becomes máxima in the princess máxima you can do a perfect one there
is it right yes I like it
well i think that willem alexander a nose for tasty wines weekend
to help them get that job
Nb father he no longer comes in my knee but I am against that in principle
that is even a bit of a fanatic day then you go mowing each other does not come
a few
the war criminal enters this country because it is sent to the
prison in the hague and he would offer poles people walk by at
the birthday or something like that was when you step into their own team
well we are always on the dance for that matter it is like arie rooster
but i'm going with ac milan goes far but by those who wonder what the astrid dance is
has eaten out yes but it is crazy to say that
all those things that man was partly responsible for
then with videla
but 30,000 people have disappeared in that were then thrown out of an airplane
and they were eaten by the sharks
the ex international has transferred that Thursday by jackets he was in the
government me did opponents of farming action he had landed were one
bit the phrase gameplay all of it
no but he must but it was mainly for him this time, yes
but may not in the field that day with a shot of mine nothing but I determine
a little more than just round for that I will not have to leave yes, david
it seems to have already been decided that he is not going to come the entire family
each other but we have a decent government there